[Autogenerated] let us snag go one step for their and the
created survey It connected to a Javal Sever page.
I just created a user class in this project.
We can have a quick look at it.
It is just a plain a job.
Bina with two properties.
Name on age, respectively.
________ and interject.
There is Creator serve late in this projector.
We can do that with the pop up menu of the project or
with this icona on the task bar.
We are going to put it in a organ that promote that Web app
back Asia and call it user At least Servette.
Next, we are going to bind it to the U A.
Rela user dash list.
Okay, All the rest is finer.
Let us click Finish.
It is simply fire a little.
This eclipse is able to create the skeleton A of a survey.
It he's do post method.
It's finer and we're going to change to do get method.
So both the several it is making a query on the database.
Er, we are not going to connect it to a really database,
but we are just going to create a list of users.
Are let me copy,
paste it real quick and put those users are in the list areas least Mary James,
Patricia and John.
There's put that in the least colder users are.
We're going to bound this list to the request we Crist set.
Attribute User list users are and forward the request on
the JSP that we're going to create.
Request that get request dispatcher to the users least dot jsp on Call
the Forward method with the request on the response.
So basically this of lead is faking request on the date
of a ZA creates a list of users on past this list of user using the request to a JSP.